I am so glad to talk with you (guys). My name is Chengbo Gu. A master candidate at Northeastern University majoring in Bioinformatics.
I will start my first internship at Google on May, 15th. I am a MEAN stack developer now interested in building dynamic web apps.
Also, I am working on youtube-8m video classification benchmark.


1. Could you please briefly introduce the work of the team?

2. I knew two services released by google ads. They are adwords and adsense.
Just want to make sure if I could tell the difference of these two correctly.
The difference between adwords and adsense
AdWords is a service for advertisers 
-- people who are selling a good or service and are want to pay money to get users to the website where they offer that good or service for purchase.

AdSense is a service for publishers 
-- people who run a website and are willing to show ads on that website so that they can get a fraction of the revenue 
from those ads and thereby make money from their site.

Google AdSense is a program run by Google that allows publishers in the Google Network of content sites to serve automatic 
text, image, video, or interactive media advertisements, that are targeted to site content and audience. 

3. Question about quality score. 
   I guess google is using quality score to determine which ads to show above searching results.
   The ads with higher quality scores would jump over the ads with lower ones.
   
   And I knew the most important factor that impacts quality score is the click-through rate.
   I would like to know some other factors that determing the quality score. 


3. How does the team make an impact at Google? 

4. What is the current goal of the team? Or what are the problems you guys are solving now?


8. How does the team communicate and collaborate?
   Will I be working mostly individually or collaboratively?


9. How does a typical day of work in the team look like?

5. If I could join your team, what would be my main responsibilities and what about the skills that I'll learn?

7. Could you please tell me about the platform or programming languages that will be used in the team?



!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! May I have your email address just in case that I have some further questions?


Google hire ads quality rater 



I enjoyed speaking with you today about the assistant account executive position at the Smith Agency.


The job seems to be an excellent match for my skills and interests.

The creative approach to account management that you described confirmed my desire to work with you.

In addition to my enthusiasm, I will bring to the position strong writing skills, assertiveness, and the ability to encourage others to work cooperatively with the department.

I appreciate the time you took to interview me. I am very interested in working for you and look forward to hearing from you regarding this position.